hey guys turn we got 101 here this is
the third video in the leopard gecko
care series just remember that a care
video should not take the place of
proper care so I would buy a leopard
gecko book I would also people up or
deca journal nearby Triton for things
down alright so today I'm going to talk
about got loading or insects it's very
important to get load here insects
because whatever does them the insects
goes into your lizards so you've got to
treat the insects like they are pets
even though they're really not so right
here I have the pflueger's cricket foods
and these here are different things to
get loads your crickets with the first
one right there is the flute flute kurz
cricket clincher for water basically for
the cricket so they don't drown it also
has some important minerals for your
lizards and then this is their cricket
food with a lot of dried up fruits and
different things like that and minerals
right here we have the orange cube
cricket diet which comes with water and
the diet itself but it is not the best
for feeding it's a cheaper way to go but
it doesn't have the best minerals to
feed them alright so right here we have
the mealworms and a zoom out real quick
and I'll show you what I'm got loading
them with
I got with my mules with potatoes this
will give them their moisture as you can
see how they're over that and you're
gonna see a bunch of bite marks there
and you want to put the potatoes in so
they'll sit overnight so they can be got
loaded before you feed them in the
morning or evening after about two days
you want to take out the potatoes and
replace it with the new one so that way
it doesn't get all moldy and right out
the colony this mold can wipe out all
the real ones trust me I've had it
happen before with carrots and wasn't
good so yeah as far as wax worms bo you
can also get load them with potatoes but
I don't seem to really see any bite
marks and since wax worms are just
treats they that you don't really need
to get load them yeah let me know if I'm
missing anything
next in series will be substrates so
yeah um ya'll comment rate and subscribe
I'll see y'all later